You gave birth to a sister,
Who said in front of me that I would come?
My boss has already passed away. It’s up to you to take them in.
When did I tell people like this to go,
Even so, you have nothing now,
What's the difference between giving and grabbing,
What's the robbery? Yang Lang is making a fuss,
Don't come with my little friends, what am I doing?
Come on, I don’t have time to listen to you guys talking about ink here,
I brought you half of your family,
If it is not processed, it is not enough to be the biological meat of the family.
Just like a person who has nothing to do, who is complete
He only has it if he doesn't look for action.
Don't be too hasty
To die for people, you have to do it for Shiwang
You have to understand this sentence
You know why we do this
I heard that President Hua will meet
Now we have developed a lot of knowledge
To develop like this
Build one in a short time
commercial flag ban
You are not incapable of growing up
But just listen to you
You've been protecting such a big ass for too long, right?
we are similar
Return Hua Xing to the house
You want Hua Xing to come back?
You still don’t think you
It seems you are not stupid
We need to integrate the next family and the Warney family and put them together at that time
It's impossible that our strength has been reduced to an unprecedented state.
What do you call Miss?
Why don't you take care of me anymore?
Than I cooperate with them
I don't agree
Unspeakable
This is nothing like
Who are you talking about?
Not innocent
He is the eldest daughter of the Xia family
If you want to take over the Xia family
I'm hungry when I reply to him
There are tens of thousands of dollars and it’s the Xia family
hello location
Do you have to go too?
What should I replace?
women don't know
We both broke down and he was so strong that he didn't want to go.